Hi there!

Post-1.2.1, compiling Thud has switched to use Apache ant, a sophisticated
compilation tool.

If ant is installed, you should be able to just run 'ant' from the directory 
this file's in to compile Thud and package it in a .jar file.

If you want to edit the source files, a Java-specific integrated development 
environment (IDE) is highly recommended. The Thud team recommends using
Eclipse, a free, open-source multi-language IDE. We also suggest that you
install Subclipse, an Eclipse plugin that enables Subversion tasks to be run
from within Eclipse. 

Once you have Subclipse installed, the best way we've found to get everything up
and going looks like this (instructions as of Eclipse 3.1):

1) Check out a copy of Thud wherever you want the root of the project to be.
   Using the command line svn client, this looks something like:
   svn co https://svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/bt-thud/trunk/thud
2) The Thud project contains an "example" .project and .classpath file that you 
   can use to import into Eclipse. This lets us do an 'import' from Eclipse, 
   which sounds like it copies the project into your Eclipse workspace, but 
   really it just makes a pointer to your folder you just created with your
   checkout, which is what we want. So, go to File -> Import from inside
   Eclipse.   
2) Select 'Existing Projects into Workspace' (under 'General')
3) Enter the root directory of where you checked out Thud. Be sure and DO NOT
   check the 'Copy projects into workspace' checkbox. 
4) Hit 'Finish' and you should be all set! Eclipse should configure the compile
   path and so on automatically. And now, not only can you manipulate the files
   as usual, but if you right click on a file and go to the 'Team' submenu,
   you'll see options for working with the file in Subversion, too!

If you are interested in working on the THUD client, join our developer's
mailing list and introduce yourself! We can always use the help.

Thanks,
--The Thud Team
http://bt-thud.sourceforge.net/thud/

Get Ant: http://ant.apache.org/
Get Eclipse: http://www.eclipse.org/
Get Subclipse: http://subclipse.tigris.org/